1： 《短刀缠·冬亭记》系列展览（上海站）

《短刀缠》
War with short knives

前言/Preview of The Exhibition

短刀缠，疲于当下。冬亭记，乐于此时。
War with short knives,Be weary at this moment.
Winter pavilion,Be leisurely and carefree now.

艺术家/artist 

毕建业 卞少之 巴塞利滋 常晓军 黄亮 奇奇·斯密斯 孔千 聂世伟 小林正人 史海平 小西纪行 王亚彬 王绪斌 肖江 徐赫 张雷 张小危 赵洋 郑田明 曾毅 周轶伦
Bi Jianye  Bian Shaozhi  Chang Xiaojun  Geoyg Baselitz  Huang Liang  Kiki Smith  Kong Qian  Nie Shiwei  Masato Kobayashi  Shi Haiping  Toshiyaki Konishi  Wang Yabin  Wang Xubin  Xiao Jiang  Xu He  Zhang Lei  Zhang Xiaowei  Zhao Yang  Zheng Tianming  Zeng Yi  Zhou Yilun

《冬亭记》
Winter pavilion

艺术家/artist 

阿农贡 陈陈陈 克里斯托&让娜-克劳德 金汉娜 金亚楠 黄喆 李杰李菲 马得 童垚 汪一 徐跋骋 徐晓伟 杨圆圆 姚清妹 张思聪 张移北 郑文昕      
Anongonse  Chen Chenchen  Christo&Jeanne-Claude  Han Nae Kim  Jin Yanan  Huang Zhe  Li Jie  Li Fei  Ma De  Tong Yao  Wang Yi  Xu Bacheng  Xu Xiaowei  Yang Yuanyuan  Yao Qingmei  Zhang Sicong  Zhang Yibei  Zheng Wenxin

艺术总监： 汤宜飞
Art director：Yifei Tang
策展人： 程晓迪  张金平
Curator： Cheng Xiaodi   Zhang Jinping

开幕：2019年1月5日(周六)下午3点30
Opening：3:30 p.m. on Saturday, January 5, 2019
展期：2019年1月5日—4月5日
Duration：January 5 - April 5, 2019


短刀缠，疲于当下。冬亭记，乐于此时。
War with short knives,Be weary at this moment.Winter pavilion,Be leisurely and carefree now.

年轻人做的事总是对的
哲学家鹤见俊辅有言，年轻人做的事总是对的。这里的年轻，更多指青春状态下包含着的反抗能量。法兰克福学派的马尔库塞在20世纪70年代后期指出，在缺乏批判性和超越性的单向度的社会里没有青年一代，只有188至28岁的人。就此，年轻人与青年就已经有了区分。
部分青年心智上选择扮演儿童、中年、老年，在尚可的社会、过尚可的生活、糟尚可的人生。享乐主义和资本力量搭建着的物理性屏障与心理思维的塌陷蚕食着原先丝连着的精神脉络，模糊自身飘荡于不存在的虚拟空间不问眼前反而见到无边炼狱的微光。如果要问责，能只问一方吗?
中国社会对于青年的态度是压扣着引诱着的，吾十有王而志于学，三十而立，社会和青年都在等待着一个成就的时刻。可是什么时刻才算成熟? 会不会在等待的过程中，已经错过了采撒的最佳时期，花与果，或是叶，什么才是所求。又换言之，越过了叶与花，能求得果吗?
年轻人的眼角应是感性的，直觉引导逻辑，左有对既富规则与理性教条的质疑与批判。他们的锐捷不依靠哲学或思想，像是藤蔓触角的自然延伸而具有趋光性，成长即是向上，闪现出的难以捕提又极富生命力的思考与表达或许是来自遥远的基因与潜意识的提示或警告。就此，无论年轻人在意识形态或是普世价值上的挑战，者蕴含着解构与重建的肌理，翻滚着社会创造与转化的动力源泉。
马克思提到人类社会发展的三大社会形态，分为人对人的依附，人对物的依附，人的独立与全面发展。年轻人尚未归入或自我设定稳定的社会角色，天然带有自由张弛的浪漫属性，具有去探索的欲求与力量，而接近第三阶段。由超越论哲学的代际理论看来，年轻人在世代交替中除吸收启蒙之外，同时也肩负启蒙使命的责任。他们所有的行为都是在推动人类历史的发展与进程。
当前第二阶段与第三阶段相互浸润渗诱，似平已经嗅至第三阶段所带来的释然，但眼前所及身心所感仍受物质世界束缚，无奈进入跳脱抽离又复位深陷的循环。或许在阶段类试与过程体验中，会产生的不可预计后果与失控，又或是不过是自我呢喃，难引波测。但正如当代德国社会学大师尼古拉斯，鲁受认为，“不存在没有意义的体验”，蝴蝶振臂，也可能唤起龙卷风。
在没有出口的地方，撞出出口。


It's always right to just do it.

The philosopher Tsurumi shunsuke said, it's always riaht to iust do it.They are used to break the traditional bondage and quide the righdirection. Here refers to the young, morerefers to the state of youthcontains resistance energy. The Frankfurt school's marcuse pointeout in the late 1970s that there was no young generation in a onedimensional society lacking criticism and transcendence, onloeople aged 18 to 28. In this regard, there is a distinction betweeyouth and people with energy. Mentally, some of them choostto play the roles of children, middle-aged or old people. They areliving in a Remaining Society and living a normal life, then spoil ithe physical barriers built by hedonism and the power of capitalismand the collapse of psychological thinking nibbled at primarSpiritual context. Blurring itself floating in a virtual space that doesn'texist, but sees the glimmer of infinite purgatory instead. ls this thefault of one side?
Attitudestowards youth in Chinese society are oppressive andseductive. It is at the age of fifteen, when they aspire to acquireerudition. They become independently at thirty, and both societyand youth are waiting for a mature moment, But when is maturity?Would you miss the best time for picking while waiting? Flowers andfruits, or leaves, what do you want? In other words, if you have notexperienced the process, how can you have a good result?
The vision ofpeoplewith energy should be
Perceptual. This is to say, youth possess the ability of challenge ancriticize on vested rules and rational dogmas. Their agility seemslike the trait of liana’s antenna, which is stretching naturally andchasing for light. Grow-up means make progress. The fashingof idea and voice, which has been elusively and full of vitalitymight be tips and warnings from distant genes and subconsciousherefore, no matter what challenges in the level of ideolog!and universal value of people with energy, they are implying thesubiect of deconstruction and reconstruction, and rolling thesources of social creation and conversion
Marxreferred to three social formations of development of humansociety. which is conMont
man's dependence on things, man's independence and allrouncwith energy are equipped with freeromanticattribute naturally and the desire and power to explore, becausethey arefree from selfdefinition and not classif
social roles yet. Thus, they approach to stage three. On the basi.of intergenerational theory of transcendence philosophy, peopltwith eneray absorb initiation in the alternation of aenerations . irthe meantime.they undertake responsibilities of initiative mission.All their behaviors are promoting the development and progres.of human history.
Nowadays, sniffing the relief what stage three brings on, stagetwo and stage three are soaking and penetrating mutually. Butthe present towards us and the sense of body and mind are stilbounded by the physical universe, they can’ t help but enter in arecycling period which is depart and absent from something andthe following is absolutely reset. Maybe during tentative attempand experimental processes, it might produce unpredictableconsequences and lose control, or it's just self-murmuring and haroto case waves. As the contemporary German sociologist NicholaLuman believes,There is no meaningless experience"  becausebutterly whose flapping wings might provoke a tornado
Where there is no exit, hit a exit then.


